{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Chrysostomou,C. and Seker,H. (2015) Novel protein weight matrix generated from amino acid indices. In, {\i{}2015 37th Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society (EMBC)}., pp. 8181\uc0\u8211{}8184.\
Clamp,M. {\i{}et al.} (2004) The Jalview Java alignment editor. {\i{}Bioinformatics}, {\b{}20}, 426\uc0\u8211{}427.\
Edwards,R.J. and Shields,D.C. (2005) BADASP: predicting functional specificity in protein families using ancestral sequences. {\i{}Bioinformatics}, {\b{}21}, 4190\uc0\u8211{}4191.\
Hannenhalli,S.S. and Russell,R.B. (2000) Analysis and prediction of functional sub-types from protein sequence alignments. {\i{}J. Mol. Biol.}, {\b{}303}, 61\uc0\u8211{}76.\
Hunter,J.D. (2007) Matplotlib: A 2D Graphics Environment. {\i{}Computing in Science Engineering}, {\b{}9}, 90\uc0\u8211{}95.\
Olivera-Nappa,A. {\i{}et al.} (2011) Mutagenesis Objective Search and Selection Tool (MOSST): an algorithm to predict structure-function related mutations in proteins. {\i{}BMC Bioinformatics}, {\b{}12}, 122.\
Rausch,C. {\i{}et al.} (2005) Specificity prediction of adenylation domains in nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) using transductive support vector machines (TSVMs). {\i{}Nucleic Acids Res.}, {\b{}33}, 5799\uc0\u8211{}5808.\
Schr\uc0\u246{}dinger, LLC (2015) The PyMOL Molecular Graphics System, Version 1.8.\
Stachelhaus,T. {\i{}et al.} (1999) The specificity-conferring code of adenylation domains in nonribosomal peptide synthetases. {\i{}Chem. Biol.}, {\b{}6}, 493\uc0\u8211{}505.\
Suplatov,D. {\i{}et al.} (2015) Robust enzyme design: bioinformatic tools for improved protein stability. {\i{}Biotechnol J}, {\b{}10}, 344\uc0\u8211{}355.\
Suplatov,D. {\i{}et al.} (2014) Zebra: a web server for bioinformatic analysis of diverse protein families. {\i{}J. Biomol. Struct. Dyn.}, {\b{}32}, 1752\uc0\u8211{}1758.\
}